I was born in Boston City, a place you all know well.
Brought up by honest parents, a truth to you I'll tell.
Yes, brought up by honest parents and raised most tenderly.
Till I became a 14 man at the age of 23.
And then my cash was taken, and I was sent to jail.
My parents tried to bail me out, but it was of no avail.
The juryman found me guilty.
The clerk, he wrote it down.
The judge pronounced my sentence to go to share it down.
I saw my aged parents.
I saw my aged father a-standing at the bar.
Like my, my aged mother a-pulling out her hair.
Yes, pulling out those old gray locks.
Big tears came rolling down.
Saying, my son, for hell you've done.
They send you to the cherry stand.
They put me on board of an eastbound train one cold December's day.
And every station I pass through, I heard those people say, there goes that Boston burglar with our own chain found them.
Or some crime martyrs, he sent to share his town.
There's a girl in Boston City.
And a girl that I love well In silver I get my little Bertie Along with her I dwell Yes, silver I get my little Bertie Bad company I shone Last wise night walking and gambling And also drinking or drinking Come all young men who have your liberty Pray peace if you can
And don't go around those towns at night to break the laws of me.
For if you do, you soon will do when the world will frown on you.
And you'll be disturbing what number one hears in a town I can tell you.